mv: update options to longform (#13445)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mv.md

- Do not prompt for confirmation before overwriting existing files:

`mv --force {{path/to/source}} {{path/to/target}}`

> - Prompt for conf[i]rmation before overwriting existing files, regardless of file permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prompt for confirmation [i]nteractively before overwriting existing files, regardless of file permissions:
```
The short mnemonic makes more sense like this.

`mv --interactive {{path/to/source}} {{path/to/target}}`

> - Do not overwrite existing files at the target:

Author: This is the first time I'm seeing this notation. Why not make it `[n]ot`?

> - Do not overwrite existing files at the target:

Reviewer 2: > This is the first time I'm seeing this notation. Why not make it `[n]ot`?

In this case, I think enclosing "not" with the notation would be contextually incorrect since the long option is for "no clobber".

We often use this format in translations (optional) to port or show the short option mnemonics since it is not ideal to highlight them within the native words.
